Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
Come on guys. I think you are being to hard on pedophiles, they have a really hard time fitting in.
So I told my girlfriend I wanted to fuck her between the tits. She said 'How're gonna make that feel good for me?' I said 'Right before I cum I'll stop punching you in the face!
What do spinach and anal sex have in common? If you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.
Incest: generally relative, but not always apparent.
Whats a word the begins with N, ends in R and you never want to a call a black person? Neighbor
A Catholic Priest and a Jewish Rabbi are hanging out at the park. A little boy walks by and the Priest says to the Rabbi: Wanna fuck him? The Rabbi replies: Out of what?
What do you call Mass Confusion? Father's day in Oakland.
What did the Mexican kid get for Christmas? ... My bike.
Why don't Mexicans and black people marry? They're afraid their kids will be too lazy to steal.
What's the most effective pickup line you know? Don't make me turn this rape into murder.
What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection? A quarter pounder with cheese.
Why did Princess Di cross the road? She wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
A black, a Jew and a mexican walk into a bar. The bar tender looks up and says GET THE FUCK OUT.
What's the difference between Hitler and Michael Phelps? Michael Phelps could finish a race.
What's worse than the Holocaust? 6 million Jews.
Why can't you fool the aborted baby? Because it wasn't born yesterday.
Q: What do you do when your dishwasher stops working? A: Punch her.
Why do black people only have nightmares? Because the last one to have a dream got shot.
What's the difference between black people and snow tires? Snow tires don't sing when you put chains on them.
Whats the difference between a black man and a couch? A couch can support a family of five.
Q: Why did Beyonce sing "to the left, to the left"? A: Cos blacks have no rights!
How does a black lady know she's pregnant? She takes out the tampon and all the cotton is picked off.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew? Santa goes down the chimney.
What the worst thing about being a black Jew?? Having to sit at the back of the oven
Whats the difference between a jew and a boy scout? One comes back from camp.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? AIDS.
what do you call a black woman who has an abortion A: Crime stopper
What do you call it when two black people are riding a tandem-bike? Organised crime.
Why doesn't Mexico have a good Olympic team? Because anyone who can run, jump, or swim is already in the United States!
What do you call the useless skin around the vagina? The woman.
What do you call a white man in a courtroom? Your honor.
What's the best thing about fucking twenty-eight year olds? There's twenty of them!
How many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? Trick question, feminists can't change anything.
What do you say to the feminist with no arms or legs? nice tits, bitch.
What's the difference between rape and necrophelia? About 5 minutes.
What do you call a virgin teenage girl from Alabama? - faster than her brothers
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza? The pizza doesn't scream in the oven.
What's the difference been a mexican and a bench? The bench can support a family of five.
How do you circumcise a white supremacist? Punch his sister in the jaw.
What do you call a barn full of black people? Antique farm equipment.
What's better than winning a gold medal at the Special Olympics? Not being fucking retarded.
Q: What's grey and white and black and looks good on a cop? A: The World Trade Center
Say what you like about paedophiles, at least they drive slowly past schools.
Whats the difference between a baby and a bag of cocaine? Eric Clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out a window.
Jewish son walks up to his father and says, "Dad, can I borrow fifty dollars?" Father says, "Forty dollars? What do you need thirty dollars for?"
What do 5 of 6 people always agree on? Gang rape.
Why do black people smell bad? So blind people can hate them too.
Man, I like black people. I think everyone should have one.
What's the difference between a baby and a trampoline? You take off your boots to jump on a trampoline.
Why did Hitler commit suicide? He saw the gas bill.
Why can't Jesus eat M&M's? Cause they keep falling through the holes in his hands.
Q: How are women similar to condoms? A: They're either on the end of your dick or in your wallet.
If a mentally challenged midget is late to an appointment, can you justifiably call them "a little tardy"?
Why aren't there any Mexican's in Star Trek? They don't work in the future either.
Q: What's white on top and black on the bottom? A: Society.
Q: What's black on top and white on the bottom? A: Rape.
Q: Why do black people not go on cruises? A: They're not falling for that one again!
How was copper wire invented? A: Two Jews found the same penny.
Q: What's one black man on the moon? A: A problem. Q: What's two black men on the moon? A: A bigger problem Q: What's all of the black men in the world on the moon? A: A problem solved
Im not racist. Racism is a crime and crime is for black people
So I was eating out my girlfriend, right? When all of a sudden I started to taste donkey semen. I was like aw, Grandma, that's how you died?
Q: What is the difference between an onion and a hooker? A: I never cried when I cut a hooker.
How do you kill 100 flies at once? Punch a somalian in the face.
Who were the world's fastest readers? The World Trade Center employees. Some went through over a hundred stories in seconds.
What did one pedophile say to the other? got 2 fives for a ten?